Man,
I just got something on my Instagram about the guy who got hit by a dog and I
just put that up there.
The day I saw somebody put it up trying to hit by a dolphin.
Yeah.
He was doing some paddle board and as a dolphin was living life a little bit,
dolphin was doing the stick.
So there,
you know how he's paddleboard down and there's a wave coming and then you can
see the dolphins.
You know they like to surf,
so they get in the wave,
they're doing their thing,
and I think the Dolphin sees him.
He's the only one who decides to come out of the water and get a little air.
He's like,
oh,
this is a paddle boarder.
Get a little air POW.
And He fucks him up.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Here we go.
Whoa,
look at this.
Oh,
that's 100% on purpose.
Like it makes you wonder about dolphins like a dog.
I was like,
oh,
what an opportunity it is.
100% on.
Perfect.
Yeah.
I had to,
I had to put that.
I had to post that on Instagram.
That guy's all right.
He's all right.
He fell in the water.
But the dolphins heavy.
Yeah.
Go fat checks.
You got a little side chat.
What do you do in that moment?
Do you hit him?
You hit the dolphin.
Do you punch it?
No,
I have respect.
I know.
No,
I punch out and fuck you up.
I'm like,
the Dolphin got the air.
Hey,
look,
you're having a little fun.
Yeah,
because how much of the Dolphin way?
And it's his element.
It's a big animal.
Yeah.
You got to get back to the shore.
That is pretty funny though.
Yeah.
Walked out,
went off,
walked out when?
Yeah.
You know,
you know elbow and as it's coming and you don't want to piss him off,
you're in their neighborhood.
Oh yeah.
And this is,
that's clearly on purpose.
Yeah.
That's clearly I,
it's like you fucking dummies.
Get out of the way,
bitch.
Yeah.
What are you doing?
You're not even surfing paddleboarding.
Surprisingly hard.
I wonder if his friends laughed.
Oh,
the other dolphins.
Yeah,
he's talking to his friends.
They probably thought it was awesome.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I went paddle boarding.
It's not easy.
I didn't think it was hard.
It is.
You stand,
you stand straight like this.
You sure you don't have to go.
That was hard.
There was a lot of waves.
It was a,
it was a little little walk away,
but I was like,
I thought this would be way easier.
I fell twice.
Jb speaking,
following me.
Stop it Bro.
Yeah,
I'm paddleboarding.
Um,
is one of those things where it's like,
it's,
you're just use mostly using your core right out.
I'm not an expert at it.
I did it once or twice when I was in Hawaii,
you know,
hanging out with the fam who's stuck.
If you got like placid water and actually calming
panel board,
you ever surf?
I've tried.
I'm gonna be seven.
Want to do this this year just to get some lessons,
taking some lessons.
Who did a little bit.
I've,
I've been,
uh,
up onto wave.
The water was pushing me,
but I can't,
um,
I can't call it surfing what I was doing,
but I was in the water.
I was having fun.
Yeah.
That's a respectable thing to know.
How to do.
Right.
When you hear someone can serve like Ah,
well no,
I've decided that I have to do it.
I've been living in California all my life.
I'm paying to be a surfer.
I'm,
I live here,
I pay this,
the surfing,
surfing tax,
but I'm not going to the beach and getting my money's,
I got to go and get it.
Yeah.
When we think about how many people live in La,
how few actually go to the beach,
right?
Yeah.
Beaches,
not that crowded.
No comparison.
How many fucking people over here to all those things that where people just
take it for granted.
Yeah.
So would you you serve?
No.
You know I'm scared of sharks.
Yeah.
So I started the quest last year,
so last year I took a couple of lessons so this really gets a little warmer.
I'm going to do it again.
We were thinking about doing a surfing challenge for sober October.
I was going to be like time spent up on a board for the entire month.
Tom Kamber contest.
All right.
Are you going to be doing it?
But we haven't decided and I think the guys are,
they don't want to do the surfing thing.
If you do it,
let me know.
I want to do it with you.
Yeah,
yeah.
Oh,
you're cold in October,
wasn't it?
Maybe.
Yeah.
That's the idea.
Pussy.
Come on.
Fear.
Did you see the code in October?
Barely.
It's like eight September.
What was happening with this?
It happens very fast in the way I saw this as a navy you at or a French navy men
jumped off about to celebrate and as he's in the water here,
a shark comes after him.
Yeah.
It just comes out of nowhere.
They can't,
no one can really see it.
Then all of a sudden right at the last second,
they spot it and they're like,
oh shit.
Get the fuck out of the way.
It just nibbles like that as foot a little.
It almost looks fake,
but the way you're acting,
it's not like that shit's fake of hall.
It just happened.
All of a sudden he's just in the water.
They didn't a man.
That's how it goes.
That's their world.
Look at.
You can't even see anything in there.
That's the thing that freaks you out the most about the ocean is the
possibility.
It's like you're just looking down.
You don't see a goddamn thing.
And also the meg.
Yeah.
Dot.
I liked that Australian guy.
Remember that Australian surfer and the shark was coming after him and he was
just pushing him away and he was in there when he talked about,
he's like,
well,
he was looking like he wanted to bite me.
I decided I didn't want him to,
so I just pushed him away a little bit.
Oh yeah,
you just fought off a shark.
He's like,
yeah,
I didn't want it to be bitten.
So that's a good attitude to quiche.
Yes.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not freaking out,
but I still want to be bit,
yeah.
Yeah.
You don't want to freak out.
Right.
If you freak out that,
they probably can sense it.
She really spazz out in the water.
They probably know all this guy's scared as fuck.
This guy smells like food.
They apparently don't like to eat us.
Is this the guy right here?
That's 8 million views.
Great white shark surprises,
solitary surfer.
I haven't seen this one.
That's not the one I'm talking about.
You were going to be bad.
Could be some that don't look right behind him.
Oh,
Jesus.
Louise's
surf.
No,
I think he saw it and he's like,
yeah,
likes,
oh man.
But he's paddling with his arm,
looking like the seal with every time he paddles,
the arm could disappear on him.
She's going to do surf.
Yeah.
Five,
five,
five foc.
But you're so helpless in their world.
It's like you ever see what happens when a shark kids,
yeah.
Beached.
Oh yeah.
I was looking for this video that a day we found that one where you were like,
why does pick it up and throw it out?
Get their water.
There's a video I saw of a girl literally doing that just like a chick in a
bikini.
There's is this smaller shark,
but she just grabbed him by the tail yanks it good for her.
But the problem was with the one you can't,
sharks don't just start swimming when they get put in the water that they need
to be like they can't stop moving really.
So they got to have a little shove and on and on.
It's hard to do too.
They had to drag that shark out by a boat to sort of get it going to get oh
water and skills so it can breathe and oh,
okay,
that makes sense.
That'd be going into,
water's got to come this way because sharks are super weird in terms of their
physiology.
Like if they go upside down and go to sleep,
all right.
And fucking strange.
And they have to keep moving.
I don't think they can breathe if they sit still,
unless they find a spot where there's a nice little dress.
Oh,
right,
right.
So it happened to,
I can't show this one either cause this is going to get taken down,
but it's that girl getting pulled into the water.
She's trying to feed a shark off of a boat and it grabs her by the finger and
just yanks her and oh gee.
And everybody freaks out all so quick,
fast.
What kind of shark is it doesn't say,
but also to in Australia.
So it might be,
yeah,
great.
Fuck that.
Why did she think she could feed the shark with her fingers?
Told her she could and that was a bad idea.
Yeah,
that's,
that's the worst thing.
You know,
you're probably right.
Cause you know,
like when you,
when you haven't done it before,
you're going to make,
you're going to ask a reasonable question.
Can the shark bite me and pulled me in and he's going to tell you something in
the expert voice.
Like,
no,
he's not interested in you.
You don't look like a seal.
He's not going to try to,
you know,
bite you.
Plus she's probably hanging out with like three or four dudes that want to fuck
around.
They're all drunk.
They want to show her a good experience.
So I was giving her bad advice.
She gets half of her finger removed,
then nobody's happy.
Yeah.